welcome our dear viewers like
usual at this time of the day 3dnews daily
hurry to please you with fresh portion
news from the world of high technology
Chromebooks buy their price however
deterrent is
inability to work with a full
Software usually gives an example
photoshop Well now google and apple
sewed forum experts of this argument
Soon package creative cloud
Will earn and on chromebook and the first
release will be streaming vaio version
Photoshop but first access to it
will receive only paid subscribers
creative cloud
by itself will not forget about integration with
google drive and windows work
chrome versions
according to the representatives of the stage it will be
practically the same familiar to all
everyone's favorite photoshop except
the browser version will do without functions
performance of which is assigned to
graphic subsystem but computer
considering that earlier crown owners
beeches did not have access to photoshop
they are unlikely to complain wrong
long ago microsoft voiced intent
compete for low-cost mobile market
devices bout chromebook and we
Apparatus on android go supported
its longtime partner and announced
just a few at win 7 inch
tablet hp stream 7 will cost customers
funny 99 dollars and its 8-inch
version costs 50 dollars more they
working on intel chipsets but detailed
There is no information yet, but it is known that
add on every microsoft purchase
will throw a set of annual subscriptions for
office 365 cloud storage staff
one drive for 1 terabyte and 60 minutes
skype calls monthly tablets
will also go on sale in November points
spoke about a pair of new notebook series
stream this model comes with hd
11.6-inch matrix or 13
as much as 13 inch surcharge equip hey
touch screen processor family
intel celeron with no vent
cooling system 32 gigabyte flash
memory + subscription to office 365 personal
all you need to study
200 dollars for stream 11 and 230 for it
13-inch version is quite good
microsoft offer a chance
Available to perform in the holiday season
sales
oculus rift does not cease to remind that
the future has already come this time
enthusiasts have made friends helmet with
controller razer hi dray thrown in
common boiler improvised for 3d
modeling left add to this
specialized interface like
gloves like johnny mnemonic and
opportunities will be practically
limitless same creation accuracy
virtual sculptures in we are glue not
too high but you still want
yourself to fashion such a spider is not it
look for more news on 3dnews.ru
see you friends